src/app/design/frontend/default/default/template/page/html/header.phtml app/design/frontend/default/default/template/page/html/header.phtml
src/app/design/frontend/default/default/template/page/switch/languages.phtml app/design/frontend/default/default/template/page/switch/languages.phtml
src/app/local/Mage/Page/etc/config.xml app/local/Mage/Page/etc/config.xml
src/app/design/frontend/default/default/layout/paypal.xml app/design/frontend/default/default/layout/paypal.xml
src/app/design/frontend/default/default/layout/catalog.xml app/design/frontend/default/default/layout/catalog.xml
src/app/code/community/Praxigento/EmbedZoho/Config.php app/code/community/Praxigento/EmbedZoho/Config.php
src/app/code/community/Praxigento/EmbedZoho/Block/Frontend.php app/code/community/Praxigento/EmbedZoho/Block/Frontend.php
src/app/code/community/Praxigento/EmbedZoho/Helper/Data.php app/code/community/Praxigento/EmbedZoho/Helper/Data.php
src/app/code/community/Praxigento/EmbedZoho/etc/system.xml app/code/community/Praxigento/EmbedZoho/etc/system.xml
src/app/code/community/Praxigento/EmbedZoho/etc/config.xml app/code/community/Praxigento/EmbedZoho/etc/config.xml
src/app/design/frontend/default/default/layout/prxgt/embd_zoho/embd_zoho_frontend_layout.xml app/design/frontend/default/default/layout/prxgt/embd_zoho/embd_zoho_frontend_layout.xml
src/app/locale/en_US/prxgt/embd_zoho/prxgt_embd_zoho.csv app/locale/en_US/prxgt/embd_zoho/prxgt_embd_zoho.csv
src/app/etc/modules/Praxigento_EmbedZoho.xml app/etc/modules/Praxigento_EmbedZoho.xml
src/app/code/community/Praxigento/Quickorder/controllers/QuickorderController.php app/code/community/Praxigento/Quickorder/controllers/QuickorderController.php
src/app/code/community/Praxigento/Quickorder/Config.php app/code/community/Praxigento/Quickorder/Config.php
src/app/code/community/Praxigento/Quickorder/Block/Widget.php app/code/community/Praxigento/Quickorder/Block/Widget.php
src/app/code/community/Praxigento/Quickorder/Helper/Data.php app/code/community/Praxigento/Quickorder/Helper/Data.php
src/app/code/community/Praxigento/Quickorder/Test/ConfigTest.php app/code/community/Praxigento/Quickorder/Test/ConfigTest.php
src/app/code/community/Praxigento/Quickorder/Test/phpunit.bootstrap.php app/code/community/Praxigento/Quickorder/Test/phpunit.bootstrap.php
src/app/code/community/Praxigento/Quickorder/Test/phpunit.praxigento.loginas.xml app/code/community/Praxigento/Quickorder/Test/phpunit.praxigento.loginas.xml
src/app/code/community/Praxigento/Quickorder/Test/Model/LoggerTest.php app/code/community/Praxigento/Quickorder/Test/Model/LoggerTest.php
src/app/code/community/Praxigento/Quickorder/Model/Logger.php app/code/community/Praxigento/Quickorder/Model/Logger.php
src/app/code/community/Praxigento/Quickorder/Model/Source/SortBy.php app/code/community/Praxigento/Quickorder/Model/Source/SortBy.php
src/app/code/community/Praxigento/Quickorder/Model/Source/CustomerGroups.php app/code/community/Praxigento/Quickorder/Model/Source/CustomerGroups.php
src/app/code/community/Praxigento/Quickorder/Model/Source/SortOrder.php app/code/community/Praxigento/Quickorder/Model/Source/SortOrder.php
src/app/code/community/Praxigento/Quickorder/Model/Source/Attributes.php app/code/community/Praxigento/Quickorder/Model/Source/Attributes.php
src/app/code/community/Praxigento/Quickorder/Model/Mysql4/Suggestion.php app/code/community/Praxigento/Quickorder/Model/Mysql4/Suggestion.php
src/app/code/community/Praxigento/Quickorder/Model/Observer.php app/code/community/Praxigento/Quickorder/Model/Observer.php
src/app/code/community/Praxigento/Quickorder/etc/readme.html app/code/community/Praxigento/Quickorder/etc/readme.html
src/app/code/community/Praxigento/Quickorder/etc/system.xml app/code/community/Praxigento/Quickorder/etc/system.xml
src/app/code/community/Praxigento/Quickorder/etc/readme.txt app/code/community/Praxigento/Quickorder/etc/readme.txt
src/app/code/community/Praxigento/Quickorder/etc/widget.xml app/code/community/Praxigento/Quickorder/etc/widget.xml
src/app/code/community/Praxigento/Quickorder/etc/config.xml app/code/community/Praxigento/Quickorder/etc/config.xml
src/app/code/community/Praxigento/Quickorder/etc/release.txt app/code/community/Praxigento/Quickorder/etc/release.txt
src/app/design/frontend/default/default/template/prxgt/qof/suggestion.phtml app/design/frontend/default/default/template/prxgt/qof/suggestion.phtml
src/app/design/frontend/default/default/template/prxgt/qof/quick_order_form.phtml app/design/frontend/default/default/template/prxgt/qof/quick_order_form.phtml
src/app/design/frontend/default/default/layout/prxgt/qof/qof_frontend_layout.xml app/design/frontend/default/default/layout/prxgt/qof/qof_frontend_layout.xml
src/app/locale/en_US/prxgt/qof/prxgt_qof.csv app/locale/en_US/prxgt/qof/prxgt_qof.csv
src/app/etc/modules/Praxigento_Quickorder.xml app/etc/modules/Praxigento_Quickorder.xml
src/skin/frontend/default/default/prxgt/qof/ajax-loader.gif skin/frontend/default/default/prxgt/qof/ajax-loader.gif
src/skin/frontend/default/default/prxgt/qof/qof_style.css skin/frontend/default/default/prxgt/qof/qof_style.css
